# Sample Ethereum DApp

This is simple task application, which stores the contributor details on the blockchain. When the contributor contributes for a particular task, 10 tokens are contributed to the contributor. 
This is just simple app, many enhancements/ features can be added.

## Pre-Requisites
- Install NodeJS. You can get it from here - https://nodejs.org/en/download/
- Install Http-server, truffle and ganache-cli. To install, run the following command:
  - ``` npm install -g ganache-cli ```
  - ``` npm install -g truffle ```
  - ``` npm install http-server -g ```

### How to run
1. Clone the repository.
2. Cd into the cloned folder.
3. Open terminal/ cmd and run ganache-cli using the command:
    - ``` ganache-cli --mnemonic "tell decline snack viable elder end action frown maze culture shell try" ```
    - Note: We are using mnemonic to use the same transaction address used in this code. If we are using default address generated by ganache-cli, we will need to replace the contract address in the code
4. From the cloned directory, go to ```TokenContract``` folder and deploy the contract by running the following command:
    - ``` truffle deploy --reset ```
5. From the cloned directory, now cd in to ```TokenWeb``` folder and run the http-server by running the following command:
    - ``` http-server ```
6. From the browser, navigate to ```localhost:8080``` to see the UI. 

### Usage
1. The HomePage lists the steps to run the app.
2. The **Tasks** tab lists all the task available for contribution.
3. Once you select/click contribute a task from the list, you will be redirected to the confirmation page.
4. You will need to enter the **username** and **wallet address** to receive the tokens.
5. Once you have contributed, you will be redirected to the dashboard page, which will display your contributed tasks and token balance.
6. You can contribute to a particular task only once, other wise it will display an error message.
